warning inhaling cinnamon is very games
and does bring your chest pad or so
please do not try this at home but if
you do follow this leprosy to a vomit
because his mother liquor burns alright
this is reece welcome jackass this is a
cinnamon powder stuff this is rule and
he's doing the his part on a cinnamon
inhale all right go like smell the
powder everywhere over here you oh my
god hmm who was it I'm crying right now
whoa whoa whoa whoa wait what just
happened to cinnamon just came over no
that's disgusting dude that's girls
let's watch in slow motion
now normal speed but in Reverse now in
slow motion but in Reverse no retards
were hurt while filming this movie